I fought it against devolution.
And I don't remember a lot on the television, but there must have been a lot.
And my family were always Labour.
And I think at the time Labour were actually encouraging people to vote no.
And we did vote no. Well I voted no, I don't know what anybody else in the family voted.
It was fear I think really, because you didn't know what you were getting into.
So I can't say I remember a lot about the individuals on the television, but I do remember the debates going on.
And of course after I'd voted no, we had Margaret Thatcher for a long time and I thought to myself,
if she had been there before the referendum had come up I wouldn't have voted no at the second.
But then of course we had another chance, so I voted the right way that time.
And I remember sitting up and watching the results coming in.
And I think the Rhondda results were coming in quite late.
And we were all, well what have we voted for, you know?
And it was yes, so yeah. I do remember that.
Yeah, I remember the celebrations about that.
But I suppose television had an influence then to the extent that it was sort of, it did influence me on which way to vote the first time.
I don't think it influenced me the second time I think, Mrs Thatcher did that.
But it was interesting to see.
And I always wished they had a DVD or a video of the results coming in because the excitement was really tense and dramatic.
And it was very good.